[Autogenerated] that is, quickly see your agenda for the schools.
The main goal is to show you how to set up Eclipse to write Java code,
simple Java code and complex multi modules,
multi project Java applications.
So first we will see how to set up the Java A C environment.
Then we will have maven to handle Java Project first,
a simple Java project,
and then we're going to put several modules with a parent poem on the like.
In it, you will see how you can handle your source code base,
using it on how to connect to get remote.
Repository za.
How to connect a clips to databases servers like my sequel on how to
set up Eclipse to write complex Java E applications.
Now for that,
you need to have notions about Maybourne about get about
databases and about Java E applications.
So if you're not familiar with all those notions,
you can check the eclipse guided to locals by told the Gen Today
it's a two part calls available here on parasite that will show
you all the tips and tricks you need to know to use the Java
editor from Eclipse efficiently.
You can also check The Maven Calls by Brian Hansen will show you the
fundamentals of Maidana that you need to know they are two excellent
courses by Paolo Perrotta Available on Get That will show you very
precisely how to use git.
And there is also Java e The Big Picture by Antonio Goncalo
Alvez also available here on per site.
Watching those coasters is not a prerequisite for watching these eclipse calls,
but if you do not know anything about maven get and Java E,
you might want to start there.
As for the Eclipse Guide, a tall,
taught gentle A did an amazing job at checking every details
off handling Java source code using eclipse,
all the tips and tricks and shortcuts and templates,
everything is in it, so I will not be talking about those points.
This course is really about setting every clips, the topic that has not been covered by Todd